[Music]
the priests the Levites all the
tribe of Levi shall have no part nor
inheritance with Israel they shall eat
the offerings of the Lord made by fire
and his portion therefore they shall
have no inheritance among their brethren
the Lord is their inheritance as he said
to them and this shall be the priests do
from the people from those who offer a
sacrifice
whether it is wool or sheep they shall
give to the priests the shoulder the
cheeks and the stomach the firstfruits
of your grain and your new wine and your
oil and the first of the fleece of your
sheep you shall give him for the Lord
your God has chosen him out of all your
tribes to stand to minister in the name
of the Lord
him and his sons for ever so if a Levite
comes from any of your gates from where
he dwells among all Israel and comes
with all the desire of his mind to the
place which the Lord chooses then he may
serve in the name of the Lord his God
does all his brethren the Levites do who
stand there before the Lord they shall
have equal portions to eat besides what
comes from the sale of his inheritance
[Music]
when you come into the land which the
Lord your God is giving you you shall
not learn to follow the abominations of
those nations there shall not be found
among you anyone who makes his son or
his daughter passed through the fire or
one who practices witchcraft or a
soothsayer or one who interprets omens
or a sorcerer or one who conjures spells
or a medium or a Spiritist or one who
calls up the dead for all who do these
things are an abomination to the Lord
and because of these abominations the
Lord your God drives them out from
before you you shall be blameless before
the Lord your God for these nations
which you will dis possess
listened-to soothsayers and diviners but
as for you the Lord your God does not
point in such for you the Lord your God
will raise up for you a prophet like me
from your midst from your brethren him
you shall hear according to all you
desired of the Lord your God in Horeb in
the day of the assembly saying let me
not hear again the voice of the Lord my
God nor let me see this great fire
anymore lest I die and the Lord said to
me what they have spoken is good I will
raise up for them a prophet like you
from among their brethren and will put
my words in his mouth and he shall speak
to them all that
and it shall be that whoever will not
hear my words which he speaks in my name
I will require it of him but the prophet
who presumes to speak a word in my name
which I have not commanded him to speak
or who speaks in the name of other gods
that prophet shall die and if you say in
your heart how shall we know the word
which the Lord has not spoken when the
Prophet speaks in the name of the Lord
if the thing does not happen or come to
pass that is the thing which the Lord
has not spoken the prophet has spoken it
presumptuously you shall not be afraid
of him